#This file is language specific
#ALL URIS MUST BE FROM DBPEDIA
#Override is performed BEFORE the types are mapped to English Wikipedia
#This file contains manually created mappings for frequent types. 
#The mapping should preferrably point to DBpedia, not to DBpedia ontology even if fictious DBpedia resource has to be made up, which has the same name as DBpedia ontology concept. 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ndash http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway #!!!Provisionary before the underlying error is fixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman http://dbpedia.org/resource/School #!!!Provisionary Typically error when parsing "roman catholic", but the vast majority are schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARTS http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation #!!!  Provisionary Most likely an organization, much less likely a person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DWARF http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarf_(Germanic_mythology) #if name contains number than dwarf star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organization http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Label http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_label
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gmina http://dbpedia.org/resource/District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song #if article name contains "path" or "way" then the correct type is http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_(arts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighborhood http://dbpedia.org/resource/District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Districts http://dbpedia.org/resource/District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compilation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Member http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area http://dbpedia.org/resource/Location
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provinces http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Text http://dbpedia.org/resource/Document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seat http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Site http://dbpedia.org/resource/Location
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Events http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upazila http://dbpedia.org/resource/District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeritus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_emeritus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sum http://dbpedia.org/resource/District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEWS http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACTOR http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAME http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RACE  http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FIRM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAT http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPIDER http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAW http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GUN http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRASS http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staging http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CUP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVIDENCE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAKE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISK http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WASP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PACT http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MUD http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOLF http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JUICE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WASTE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEAF http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HELP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MULLETS http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullet_(haircut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PONY http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMULET http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEASONS http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOLF http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEED http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MODEM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GYM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQUITY http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equity_(finance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRANCE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOAT http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMU http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAZARD http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCOTSMAN http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TULIP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BANDWIDTH http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandwidth_(computing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALARM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOCKS http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CART http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver
#Manually determined from superclass mapping review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albums http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibians http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnids http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architects http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arenas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artworks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asteroids http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asteroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronauts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atolls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobiles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awards http://dbpedia.org/resource/Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverages http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Books http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buildings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerics http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges http://dbpedia.org/resource/College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colours http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conifers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellations http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conventions http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricketers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crustaceans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycads http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclists http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Databases http://dbpedia.org/resource/Database
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decorations http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devices http://dbpedia.org/resource/Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diseases http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elections http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eukaryotes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Events http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferns http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Films http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foods http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governors http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospitals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotels http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insects http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judges http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouses http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotives http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magazines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Models http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarchs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monuments http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museums http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Names http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspapers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisations http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persons http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plants http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politicians http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidents http://dbpedia.org/resource/President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priests http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projects http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proteins http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Referees http://dbpedia.org/resource/Referee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptiles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurants http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers http://dbpedia.org/resource/River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schools http://dbpedia.org/resource/School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientists http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sculptures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sculpture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senators http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ships http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscrapers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadiums http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stations http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streams http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surnames http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimmers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatres http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towns http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnels http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valleys http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veins http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villages http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Works http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestlers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicyclist http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stageplay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play